javascript/gigasecond: automated comments for approval and disapproval (#1152)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/javascript/gigasecond/prefer_side_effect_free_date.md

Use [`Date#getTime`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date/getTime)
and [`new Date(value)`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date#Syntax),
which takes a number of milliseconds as `value` and constructs a _new_ date.
This ensures the _input_ is not modified when calling `gigasecond`, which
also means that there are no unintended side-effects.

In general, [Unix/UTC time](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time),
as provided by `Date#getTime`, is preferred when dealing with dates, as it is
not affected by _interpretation_ or locale (such as timezones), and it allows

> for date manupilation without needing to rely on _roll-over_ (as `setSeconds`

Reviewer: Same comments as before.

> for date manupilation without needing to rely on _roll-over_ (as `setSeconds`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for date manipulation without needing to rely on _roll-over_ (as `setSeconds`
```

Author: ```suggestion
for date manipulation without needing to rely on _roll-over_, which, for example, occurs when the seconds components is larger than 60, and adds one to the minute component (as `setSeconds`
```
